About Dvars

Dvar which is a temperary name used for our application is an online one way interview application in which a company can dchedule interviews for job openings and then add questions, JD and evrything else including AI evaluation and can then send invitation to multiple candidates arround the world to record answers against those questions and then review it later for each candidate. There are multiple pages inlcuding HR, PMO and GTA Dashboard. An admin panell to control everything. A interview-schedule.html page, interview view page interview edit page and evaluator page all with different acess controls for everything meaning only people with particular access can access the codes. For videos we are using N8N flow to take videso from the candidate portal page to store it in the supabae storage and then we use a compression worker hosted on hostinger VPS which takes the video compresses it and then repleases the video of the supabse with a compressed small version. N8N also calls an API of whisper AI also hosted on our Hostinger VPS which takes the video and takes out the transcription and then saves it to supabase storage. Once all done the videos with its transcription can be seeen. we also have user profiles, user can change password and name. login and log out, Admin page also has dark theme.

okay so other teechnical details include are, the passwords are hashed using SHA256 and the hash is stored in the database Users column password with their username, name last name, email, active or not acitve status and date created. We also have authentication in place so no one can play with the link and access someone else's dashboard such as users with just HR admin access cannot manipulate the link and access PMO and same for everyone else. Users can and does have multiple access roles so when creting a user which is also one of the feature can we decide the permissions the users can have. Set their first name, last name and password for them until they login with a temp password and change it to whatever they like. We can delete or edit interview and send new invites to candidates for an existing interview. I will now attach the server.js file in which you can see all the routes and functions that we have that i might have nissed use all this information plus the code from server.js to guess the features and then help me create a document later not right now. Other features that i think of are using candidate token for candidtes, so that no one can guess the canidate token and play wiht the token to access other candidate information, same for interview ID we genearte an UUID for interview ID and then use it for the interview to access the data call the API and make changes. these are non guessable http://62.72.29.77:3010/candidate-review.html? and this is how the link looks like token=cand_mj2r8cjm_2hx5vgxypv94&interview_id=6a4c3e26-2d2b-4f16-8ae1-ecc24561f88c It helps us prevent data leak and also provide data security. the Evaluators cannot see the candidate email, their full name and their resume. this is to ensure that data privacy is provided to people who are just subject matter expert and are not internal company and inner circle employee. Other than this what makes us stand out in the market is our AI abillity which we used to evaliate a candidate by checking their response, jusdhing it againt the JD and the questions and their resume. We do this to make sure the candidate is the right fit and save time to evaluators. other than that we use AI questions generataor in which we fetch the Ai the JD and it creates questions based on the JD with three different levels, beginner, intermiadiate. and expert. It automatiicaly fills the fields and then we can set the timings for each questions to be answered in. other than this we have 2 database that are connected with the appkication, one database focuses on candidates and other focuses more on the interview and users itself. Both of whihc are hosted on Supabase. We also have a resume parser on our Interview schedule page with the AI generate quesion features. the AI parsers takes a resume filles with candidate data like first name, lastname email and then fills the invite candidate section automatticaly.









HOW VSITORS WORK
these two things are the same thing, thats why i wondered why is everything suddenly broken. botht eh viewer and reviewers are one person and they should be able to see the interviews assigned to them in the database interviews. then they can view the interview and see the candidates submission in the interview-view.html and then can click on candidate-view.html just like users. they can also see reviews by other reviewers in the candidate-review.html which finds review by other reviewers using the interview id. the reason that they are differently mentioned is because the people in vistiors table have different access they cannot edit or delete the interview neither can they create a new interview they can review an interview, leave ratings, comments and chnage status. 



its still not fixing, lets do one thing lets remove the option to change change the evaluation for viewers in the interview-view.html page. it should show the status but they cannot change it once they review a candidate. lets just allow them to change the condition once they review the candidate through candiate-viewer.html thats is then it will only reflect the global status thats all for the candidate. the user can however do this as they did



these two are the same files and it is named candidate-review.html im sorry for interchanging words but pleae remember this now. it is one single file. also the interview-view.html is being used by viewers, admin and users everyone is able to use it so rememver this too